Add NEWS bullet for `vec_na()` -> `vec_init()` (#449)
r-lib/vctrs: NEWS.md

# vctrs 0.1.0.9000

> * `vec_na()` has been renamed to `vec_init()`, as one of the primary use cases 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `vec_na()` has been renamed to `vec_init()`, as the primary use case 
```
